it's the traditional Christmas dinner
but have you ever given much thought to
where your turkey comes from a farmer
Matt Carter is giving his customers a
very clear insight offering them the
chance to not only handpick but feed
look after a name their turkey all
before it's thought of for Christmas as
you can write in this initiative hasn't
gone down well with vegans who have
accused him of being a murderer and a
psychopath and then we had a graffiti
across the front of the doors of the
farm shop people should know where their
meat comes from and if you're gonna buy
meat then they're not why not why not
know that it's come from an ethical farm
that's well looked after and the turkeys
have been free-range and had a good life
yeah of course I'm what what do you mean
by ethical exactly well been well looked
after we they're free-range theirs
they're slaughtered humanely in well and
and the best way what is a humane
slaughter exactly huh well the in the
most stress-free possible what is that
entail well it entails killing the
turkey but you just know as a way of
having your Christmas dinner without
killing the turkey does that Avengers
how do you kill the turkey just add just
any only get the turkeys throat okay
so is there any point that you agree
with here at first obviously I was a bit
like this is kind of psychotic because
you know this is the kind of way that
you would treat a pet well you did
actually say anyone who hangs there took
anyone who goes on to that farm and does
that is psychotic
yeah I guess one of the biggest aspects
of sociopaths is that they don't have
entered the race
[Music]
and that was really emphasize how they
could do anything and get away with it
they manipulate they deceive sociopath
II or anti-social disorder is not
something it is not curable it can be
treated but it's not terrible it's very
very difficult because of the level of
manipulation that a lot of sociopaths
exhibit as a part of their
characteristics because of how their
brain is functioning like an antisocial
personality disorder because they don't
feel an empathy you know they don't feel
these things so what's the point
you know that could be a line of thought
they're not human I don't have
antisocial personality disorder I know
what in their minds but it's kind of
like it's also sad for me they can't
really enjoy the simple things in life
the little things in life that bring me
joy like my cats like what kind of
societal advantage am I gonna get from
adopting cats not much they cost a lot
of money because you know there's living
things um they won't help me make more
money they are not gonna get me better
jobs or whatever could get me power but
they just think he happy they bring me
joy
I sympathize to some limited extent with
the fact that vegans go around
reproaching meat-eaters as Psychopaths
and sociopaths but it's bad it's wrong
and you got to learn to stop and not
just because it's politically incorrect
I'm of the informed opinion that
Psychopaths does not describe a
scientifically valid medically real
condition but if it did would you divide
humanity into two classes psychopaths
and non Psychopaths and then have a
different message about veganism and
meat-eating one of which applies this I
hope that someone does not like if you
have a whole bunch of guys working in a
slaughterhouse together and some of them
are psychopaths and some of them aren't
and you really believe psychopathy is a
medically real scientifically verifiable
condition like in theory you could have
these guys pee in a cup and you could
test the urine go oh this one's a
psychopath
this one isn't guess what the ethical
message of veganism is exactly the same
for both of them so it makes no
difference so even if it's true and
valid it's irrelevant now as it happens
it's not true and valid what you're
doing is confusing an ethical judgment
with a psychological mental health
judgment which is you know bad and wrong
for reasons both obvious and somewhat
subtle and profound right if my point is
that what you're doing is immoral the
last thing I want to do is say you are
mentally handicapped and that's what
you're doing this important thing that
makes even less sense when you're
claiming 95 to 98 percent of humanity is
mentally handicapped and we've all been
through this before with narcissism
people start to put defining narcissism
so broadly that 95 percent of people are
narcissists people start defining
depression so broadly that 95 percent of
humanity is depressant then we have
these kind of pseudo medical
psychological notions and they soon
enveloped the whole wide world
finally by keep
things firmly within the province of
ethical judgment we also keep them
subjective even if it's inter subjective
like we're saying hey this is my
subjective judgment this is your
subjective judgement this is my cultural
bias and background this is your
cultural bias let's figure out where we
stand and what the truth is what our
responsibilities and obligations are but
we all know it's subjective as opposed
to the phony objective realm of modern
medical science we keep it subjective
hit the absurdity is you look at these
people one person their definition of
sanity this woman I have a clip from her
proof that she is seen and compassionate
and loving and that she's not a
psychopath and she's not a sociopath is
that she owns cats
she keeps cats as pets and that's her
proof that she's a good person and that
she's seen unlike these Psychopaths
she's pointing the finger this is a
professional therapist she doesn't just
see nothing wrong with taking an
obligate carnivore and cutting off its
balls decline yet removing its
reproductive organs male or female
training it not to live as a solitary
predator in the forest but to live as a
plaything on her couch and on her carpet
and then killing cows buying the cows
cut up and crammed into a little metal
can and spoon for this the whole
relationship between human being and cat
and her description of the love she
feels and the gratification yet she's
presenting this with no sense of humor
no joke none zero irony she's presenting
this as proof positive of her sanity and
from my perspective it's like lady you
are indicted yourself as something well
let's not say it's insane let's just say
it's immoral but yeah it's baffling and
it's incomprehensible to me and then the
other contrast you guys just saw
is someone advancing the idea that there
are morally good and pure and caring
person because they take the time to pet
and coddle and care for and give a name
to a turkey to treat a turkey like a pet
before they slip the turkeys throat kill
it and eat it and from one side this is
proof positive that quote-unquote you're
a psychopath and from the other side
it's proof positive that they're caring
and compassionate that they're if
they're of a better person than someone
who did none of those things so guys
this is the realm of ethical values and
completely subjective judgments and has
nothing to do with the murky modern
medical science of deciding who's a
psychopath and who isn't and however it
is we're gonna make progress in the
vegan movement it's not gonna be through
misanthropy of one kind or another it's
not gonna be through hating humanity
itself it's not going to be by coming to
conclusion that 95 percent or even a
hundred percent of the human race is
comprised of psychopaths
[Music]